[Transaction] transaction coordinator log save and recover (#716)
streamnative/kop: docs/configuration.md

| enableTransactionCoordinator | Whether to enable transaction coordinator.          | false   |
| brokerId                     | The broker ID that is used to create the producer ID.  | 1       |
| txnLogTopicNumPartitions     | the number of partitions for the transaction log topic. | 50      |

> | txnCoordinatorSchedulerNum   | Transaction coordinator scheduler threads num, used to handle timeout transactions. | 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| txnCoordinatorSchedulerNum   | The number of transaction coordinator scheduler threads which are used to handle timeout transactions. | 1 |
```

> | txnStateManagerSchedulerNum  | Transaction state manager scheduler threads num, used to handle transaction stat manager async operations. | 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| txnStateManagerSchedulerNum  | The number of transaction state manager scheduler threads which are used to handle asynchronous operations for the transaction state manager. | 1 |
```
